# Later words

From a complete perspective, such an HTTP book should have a very long list of header fields, MIME lists, and much more details. However, some of these things have been done, and Google and Wikipedia can help you. In fact, I don't want to do such a job. You know where you can find them, as long as you read this book and did the experiment I said. It should have formed a big map of HTTP, so you will know how to check for missing knowledge,and so on.

Since I wrote here, I might as well give myself a chance to talk about myself.

Before writing this little book, I had a technical team for many years and I was very happy. Why not? My enthusiasm and value are here. However, fate does not look like this. It came a little turn, so I couldn't do anything during this time. The view of seeing things has also changed,the red rose I used to turn into a mosquito blood on the wall. One or two years later,I gradually climbed out of the big pit that I was sure to enter, and then found that everything has changed. I need a new value project that will be able to gather my strength again. So, by this chance, I started to make this book. I have been with the team for so long, and now I can’t hear the word "collaboration." This thing helps me stay away from it, and I have been working alone for a whole year. In the process of doing it, I found it useful to me.

This work is good for me and I hope it will be useful to you. After reading this book, you can still look at the big chunks of such books, but now it will be different because you have a big map of HTTP in easy way. If you think this book is not bad, congratulations, you are good at learning and discovering the beauty of the world.

Reco
2015-12-12