# Term

To better discuss the problem, we introduce a series of related concepts

## Resource

A web resource is a web content pointed to by a URL.
1. Content can be either static, such as: text files, HTML files, JPEG files. Check out the RFC 2045 documentation for a long list.
2. Or can be dynamic content. Such as: the dynamic image generated by the real-time acquisition software of the camera, the website order filled by the user.


## Resource Type

The web server assigns a type to every HTTP resource so that HTTP software can process the message body. For example, a type for HTML is `text/html`. You can look at two more cases:

    text/plain : ASCII text document
    image/jpeg : JPEG version of the picture

Resource type is constituted by a main type and a subtype,and separated by a slash.

A large number of resource types and text tags together is standardized by RFC 2045. This standard is called MIME,which is an abbreviation for Multipurpose Internet Mail Extension. Although the name is very long, it has a simple meaning and is used to specify the type of entity within the message.Why is Mail Extension?because it was designed at first to exchange documents for the heterogeneous system of mail 
.

## URL

A URL is a resource location indication method. The URL describes the location of a resource on the server. This is a valid URL: http://example.com/part/index.htm

1. Part 1: The scheme. Indicates the type of protocol used to access the resource. This part is usually the HTTP protocol (http://).
2. Part 2: Server address (for example, example.com).
3. The rest specifies a resource on the web server (for example, /part/index.htm).

So URL is a Uniform Resource Locator that points to a resource on the Internet.

When you enter this URL in the address bar of the browser and press Enter, the brower will parse the URL and insert the necessary information into the request message as required by the HTTP protocol. for example,if URL is `http://www.example.com/index.html`,then the request message should be like this:

    GET index.html HTTP/1.1
    Host:www.example.com
    CRLF

then browser will open a TCP connection to the host which address is `www.example.com` ,then send the request message to the server, then wait for the server to respond,parse and render the server response to the user.


## HTTP transaction

The HTTP transaction is a process of issuing a request message and obtaining a corresponding response message.

## HTTP method

HTTP supports several different request commands, which are called HTTP methods. for example,GET is a request method.Others likes POST,PUT,DELETE.

## Status code

Each HTTP response message will carry a status code when it returns. The status code is a three-digit code that tells the client if the request was successful or if additional action is required.

## Message

The HTTP message sent from a web client to a web server is called a request message. A message sent from the server to the client is called a response message. The HTTP message consists of three parts:

    Starting line
    Header field
    main body

For example, if you want a resource of `hello.htm` from a server,then the request message is:

    GET /hello.html HTTP/1.1

The request message has only the starting line, indicating the HTTP method used, the URL of the resource, and the version of the protocol. There are no header fields and bodies.

The response message may be like this:

    HTTP/1.1 200 OK
    X-Powered-By: Express
    Content-Type: text/html; charset=utf-8
    Content-Length: 22
    ETag: W/"16-FmHX0hamHjYkHeAP/7PfzA"
    Date: Thu, 03 Dec 2015 09:54:01 GMT
    Connection: close

    <h1>Hello, World!</h1>

The first line of this response message is the start line, indicating the protocol version, status code (200 for success), and status description (OK). 

The next lines until the first blank line are the header fields, which is used to describe the server, the resource type, length of body and  document generation time, and so on. 

After the blank line is the message body. Here is the content of an html file. In fact, the subject can carry any content, not just text.

