## Hands-on environment

As a programmer,I'd like to type some code to verify what you have learned.Sometimes, code can express confusing concepts better than descriptive text.So, I will use some of source code to express it here.

The language I chose was Node.js because it was small and expressive,and it was easy to write some code and run it in a few of steps. 

I often work remotely, when I am using a Mac Book Air,if I work inside my company, I used a Windows PC. The cross-platform feature of Node.js allows me to switch environments freely without being annoyed by detail differences between operating systems. 

if using command-line tools can do a bunch of things directly,and I will use it. For example, Netcat is a universal saber of HTTP protocol.I will use it to test my web server.


## Node.js and Express.js

I uses Node.js with Express.js as the web server development environment.You need to install Node.js ,then install Express.js with the npm command to run the code which I gave.

Installing Node is different on different platforms, but if you like installer ,Whether it's Windows or Mac, you can install it by click a button which name is `next`  a few of times. Once Node.js is installed, npm is a built-in Node package management tool, you can install Express.js by this command :

    $npm i express

then you will prepared your environment.

## Netcat

I'd like do many jobs by the command line, not by the graphical user interface. So when I must make HTTP test, I would prefer Netcat than browsers. This is also good for the reader, because it can reduce the burden of eyeball recognition - the command is to minimize the output of the information, and the use of a graphical browser, requires a large number of screenshots which are almost inevitably contains a lot of information that is not related to the current problem.


Therefore, you need to know this command and other small command line tools. Of course, they are very simple usually.Here you can find more information about netcat http://nc110.sourceforge.net


