
# a little history


Time returned to 1989.

A physicist want a hypertext document network that can share knowledge among scientists in different locations. He called it `World Wide Web`(short as WWW). Then he wrote a web server and web client to it a reality.

In this way,more people are attracted by this simple idea and join in.The most famous part of the Internet, now called Web, has been launched.

WWW technologies include the HTTP protocol, the HTML standard.And the many servers, clients, and proxies that are implemented. The Web is part of the application layer. There are many other things at the same level, including E-Mail, FTP, TELENT, etc.

Tim Berners is the name of the physicist.

Hypertext is known as HTML. Its "Hyper" word comes from one of the most notable features: in the HTML document, in addition to the content of this document, it can also point to other documents, pictures, videos, etc.,through the URL. 

In the mean time, he has designed an application layer protocol for delivering hypertext documents. The first version of the official protocol text is HTTP /1.0(1996). Although the previous protocol was not officially regulated, it was compatible with the bloodline and was called HTTP/0.9.

Here we care about HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol).

In the era of Berners-Lee, there are already some application layer protocols, including E-Mail, FTP and NEWS, why HTTP be introducted?it because:

1. The author uses this E-Mail protocol  to send some temporary messages to a small number of recipients.
2. FTP protocol can pass documents, but only a small amount of processing in response.
3. NEWS protocol can broadcast short messages to a large audience

Based on this understanding, HTTP protocol should be able to:

1. uni-direction file transfer.HTTP protocol, as long as the client starts in one direction, the server will respond in another direction.
2. Auto-negotiate the format between client and  server.
3. Ability to redirect the client request to another server.
4. Although authors can provide HTTP for long-lived documents, visitors can access the document by entering a URL simply.

These basic ideas have become the seeds of HTTP. Perhaps because it is simple, it has attracted more people's eyes and has evolved ,then HTTP has stepped into such a prosperous situation.

