# Message Body

Whether it is a request message or a response message, there is an optional message body. If the request message is in the submission form, the data of the form can be placed in the body. If a GIF file is downloaded, the binary byte set of the GIF file can be placed in the body. Therefore, any content can be placed in the body of the message. The definition of it is:

     message-body    = *OCTET

OCTET is a byte. And `*OCTET` are marked with multiple bytes.Content may be a static file content, or dynamically generate content, or compressed dynamic and static content. The entire content can be transferred at one time or divided into multiple blocks. If necessary, after the content, you can also place a trail - some header field values that can be known only after the content has been delivered.

Just looking at `*OCTET` is not knowing what it is. So in the header field, you must use a set of header field to indicate the content type. For example, `Content-Type` will use the MIMI type to indicates the content type.the entity header is header field which indicates body metadata:


    entity-header  =  Content-Encoding        
    | Content-Language   
    | Content-Length         
    | Content-Location       
    | Content-MD5           
    | Content-Range           
    | Content-Type    
    | Allow        
    | Expires                 
    | Last-Modified        
    | extension-header
    extension-header = message-header#response(OK)     

Among them:

- Content-Type :The type of entity hosted in the entity.
- Content-Length: The length or size of the body of the transmitted entity.
- Content-Language: The human language that best matches the object being delivered.
- Content-Encoding: The encoding of entity data.
- Content-Location: An alternate location through which objects can be obtained when requested.
- Content-Range: Explain which part of the whole is it.
- Content-MD5 :The checksum of the entity body content.
- Last-Modified :The date and time when the transferred content was created or last modified on the server.
- Expires The date and time when the entity data will be invalidated.
- Allow Various request methods allowed by this resource, such as GET and HEAD.
- ETag The unique verification code for this document.

The response message case we mentioned in the first chapter:


    HTTP/1.1 200 OK
    Date: Mon, 27 Jul 2009 12:28:53 GMT
    Server: express
    Last-Modified: Wed, 22 Jul 2009 19:15:56 GMT
    Content-Length: 88
    Content-Type: text/html
    Connection: Closed

    <html>
       <body>

       <h1>Hello, World!</h1>

       </body>
    </html>

It is the static HTML file placed in the main body, and then the content of the bearer is specified as `text/html` by header field of `Content-Type`, and the length is 88 bytes by header field of `Content-Length`.

## Content Type

`Content-Type` can be a static file, or some very useful format that is not visible in the file system, such as `multipart/form-data` that expresses form data.It can also be `multipart/x-byterangs` , which is used to pass file parts.

## Content Encoding

The content can be compressed and then passed, and decompressed at the other end. This can save network traffic. the header field of `Content-Encoding` is to explain how the content is compressed so that the peer can know how to decompress. Currently supported compression methods are:

- gzip : GNU zip 
- compress : Unix file compression program
- deflate : zlib format compression
- identity: No compression.

## Transfer Encoding 

Transfer encoding can divide a message body into many trunks.The header field of `Transfer-Encoding` is not one of the entity header fields, but a normal header field. The current value of this field can only be chunked. Indicates a block transfer. The benefits of using chunked transfers are for dynamically generated content that can be transmitted to the client while generating to improve the customer experience. Supposeed a `hello.txt` file as an example. If I want to do the block transfer of the content hello world, first pass 5 bytes and then pass the next 7 bytes. Then the response message is as follows:

    HTTP/1.1 200 OK
    Transfer-Encoding: chunked
    Server: express

    5
    hello
    7
     world
    0

The body structure is relatively simple. It is preferred to send a number (hexadecimal) to indicate the size of the block, and then put a `CR` to mark the beginning of the block. Next to the second block, more blocks start with a block-sized number, and then a `CR`  marks the beginning of the block. A number of 0 is followed until the end of the while body,then entire content is delivered.

## Trailer

After the content is delivered, you can add some header values as a trail. The reason why these header values are not placed in the real header area is that some header values are known only if the content is completely deliveried. For example, if I want to add a content verification header for a block transfer, then this value must be passed in order to be calculated.

If you want to place a trailer, you need to first declare the delivery field name in the header using the trailer header field. After the content is delivered, fill in the field and it's value, separated by ":". Still take `hello.txt` file as an example:

    HTTP/1.1 200 OK
    Transfer-Encoding: chunked
    Server: express
    Trailer: checksum

    5
    hello
    7
     world
    0
    checksum:5eb63bbbe01eeed093cb22bb8f5acdc3

