# Customer identification

I like to go to an old restaurant to eat, order some buns, and dumplings and other snacks, to have a delicious dinner. When I ordered, the clerk game me a card with a number on it. Last time the number is the 25th, I put this card on my table. Because of this identification means, several waiters know to give my snacks to me(the 25th), others (such as the 26th behind me) may not get my snacks. This is the means by which the clerk identifies the guest.

Even if it is just to implement the shopping cart, the server needs to distinguish the customer. The HTTP protocol uses cookie technology to address this requirement.A cookie is a string used for client identification. It sends a different string to each  first-time visitor, and the client saves the string to tell the server in the next (or a set of) access transactions. So the server can know which client was. The process is like this:

Suppose two clients,A and B.

Client A first visit, server response:

    HTTP/1.1 200 OK
    Set-Cookie: id=25

    This is your first visit

Client B first access, server response:

    HTTP/1.1 200 OK
    Set-Cookie: id=26

    This is your first visit


Client A visit again, send the previous cookie to the server:

    GET /A HTTP/1.1
    Cookie: id=25

The server parses the header field of `Cookie` and knows that this client is A, and can make a personalized response:

    HTTP/1.1 200 OK

    Welcome to your second visit, your number is 25

Client B first visit, bring a cookie to the server:

    GET /A HTTP/1.1
    Cookie: id=26


Then the server respond:

    HTTP/1.1 200 OK
    Set-Cookie: id=26

    Welcome to your second visit, your number is 26

With this client-side identification ID, something interesting can happen. This ID can be used as the session ID. The server uses this ID as an index to store more information about the client user with a data structure inside server, such as it's email, nickname, password, user information, etc.

## format

Cookies don't just store ID, you can use key-value pairs:

    Cookie: name="1000copy"; charactor="strong";height="175cm"


You can also specify special key-value pairs to indicate the scope of use of the cookie (DOMAIN), expiration date (Expires), security (SECURE):


    Cookie: name="1000copy";Expires=Wed, 09 Jun 2021 10:18:14 GMT
    
Its format is designed for general purpose:

    Set-Cookie:
       Name=value
       [;EXPIRES=dateValue]
       [;DOMAIN=domainName]
       [;PATH=pathName]
       [;SECURE]

This format was first proposed and used by Netscape, and is supported by other browsers.
Later, there were also the format of `Set-Cookie2 and Cookies` was proposed, which was slightly complicated. But the principle is same as the first version of Netscape. You can see rfc6265 for more details.
