## POST method

The POST method is often used to submit form data. Suppose there is a form with html as follows


    <form enctype="application/x-www-form-urlencoded"/>
        <input type="text" name="user" action="/ example"/>
        <input type="password" name="password"/>
        <input type="submit"/>
    </form>

When filling in 1, 2 in two text boxes,then submitting,we need to pass the content to the server:

    username: 1
    password: 2

The browser will package those data by  using the encoding of `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`. and place the packaged results into the request body, and submit it to the server along with the request:

    POST /Example HTTP/1.1

    Username=1&Password=2

This encoding method separates every item and values ​​with `=`,and  multiple items are separated by "&", any space in content will be replaced with `+`, and other characters that are not letters and numbers are encoded with url encoding. Replace with %HH, for example, `%21` means `!`.

According to this encoding, a binary non-alphanumeric would take 3 characters to express. For large binary files, this is a waste of work. therefore,
In addition to `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`, the standard also introduces another encapsulation format: `multipart/form-data`. The package format can be specified by the enctype attribute of the form:

    <form enctype="multipart/form-data"/>

The package type specified in this way, the request message will become:

    POST /Example HTTP/1.1
    Moderator: example.com
    Content type: multipart/form-data; boundary=--------------------------- 9051914041544843365972754266
    Content length: 554

    ----------------------------- 9051914041544843365972754266
    Content Processing: Tabular Data; NAME="User Name"

    1
    ----------------------------- 9051914041544843365972754266
    Content Processing: Tabular Data; NAME="Password"
    Content-Type: text/plain

    2
    ----------------------------- 9051914041544843365972754266--

The format within the request body is specified as `multipart/form-data` which is value of `Content type` in the head fields.

And the value of the specified boundary is a string. The purpose of this string is to specify the beginning and end of the form field value. Between the two boundaries is the content of a field. Within each field you can specify name and type of the field, then add a blank line to start the content. Until a new boundary string is encountered, the boundary string consists of a number of hyphens ,and plus a random string which generated by the web client.Whatelse algorithm the client can select,as long as it does not appear in the content. If you are worried about the conflict, you can also search for this string in the request message body after the generation. If it finds the same, then continue to generate a random character until it no longer appears.
