## PUT method and DELETE method

The intent of the PUT method is to create a resource specified by the URL; correspondingly, the intention of the DELETE method is to delete the resource specified by the URL.

In order to do both jobs,just POST is enough. So why was introduced PUT method and DELETE method in the HTTP protocol?

Assuming we have an e-commerce site in hand, then we must provide management of a order bill, including it's creation, modification, deletion, and query.

For queries, we can use the GET method and provide the number as a parameter

	GET /order/1

Using the GET method is appropriate here, because GET implies just a query and not any affects will happened to the state of the server.

Next, we update an order, assuming the it's number is 2:

	POST /order/2
	Content-Type: text/json

	{
	"date": "2015-12-07",
	"guest": "frodo",
	[{
		"item": "The King of Ring",
		"count": "2",
		"price": "100"
	}]
	}

It is also suitable for POST method here. Because the semantics of POST is to update resources.

But for creation and deletion, we have  different approachs.

First look at the creation. Our common approach is still to use POST, but within the URL (or the parameters in the request message body) to be different from the update operation, in order to distinguish between the two methods:

	POST /order/2/create
	Content-Type: text/json

	{
		"date": "2015-12-07",
		"guest": "frodo",
		[{
			"item": "The King of Ring",
			"count": "1",
			"price": "100"
		}]
	}

Now we are faced with another choice. If an application I am working on not only wants to complete the function, but also wants to meet the specifications of the Restful App, then I would probably do this:


	PUT /order/2
	Content-Type: text/json

	...


The same is true when deleting. Typical request message:

	POST /order/2/delete

Or someone like this:

	POST /order/2/remove

Or someone else like this:

	POST /order/remove_order/2

If I want to meet the Restful app specification, the choice is just like:

	DELETE /order/2

The benefits of the Restful App program are obviously:

1. Express the intent of the application within the request method,
2. And separate the operation from the URL to avoid confusion and inconsistency

This approach, through the initiative of a well-known framework (Ruby on Rails), has now been adopted by many more frameworks.

Although most major brower does not provide the PUT, DELETE method, you can subdivide the POST into PUT, POST, DELETE through a hidden field in your form:

	<form method="post" ...>
	<input type="hidden" name="_method" value="put/post/delete" />

