# Connect Method 

If there is no HTTP proxy server, the client can use the Connection header field to express the client's request to upgrade to SSL by this way:

    GET http://example.bank.com/acct_stat.html?749394889300 HTTP/1.1
    Host: example.bank.com
    Upgrade: TLS/1.0
    Connection: Upgrade

So the server can send this response to the client:

    HTTP/1.1 101 Switching Protocols
    Upgrade: TLS/1.0, HTTP/1.1
    Connection: Upgrade

After a handshake, both parties agree that SSL traffic can be sent after this http connection.

If there is an HTTP proxy in the middle, the situation is different. Because the Connection header field we use is hop-by-hop, this header field is considered by the proxy server to be a protocol upgrade between the client and the proxy server. Therefore, the agent upgrades the connection agreement, parses and deletes this field and then proceeds to the server, so the server does not receive this header field. At this point, you can use the Connect method. The client uses the following message to inform the proxy server to make a connection to the specified server address and port:

    CONNECT example.com 443 HTTP/1.1

The proxy server then extracts the address and port specified by the CONNECT method , establishes the connection to the specified server(here is example.com 443 ), and then notifies the client,that the required connection is established:

    HTTP/1.1 OK

After that, the proxy server simply forwards the client's request messages to the server and forwards the server response messages to the client. Because it just forwards, it becomes a channel, or transparent proxy or  blind relay. The opposite is that a general http proxy is not just forwarding, it need to parse the header field, consider whether to cache, add the Via header field, and so on.

Upgrading to TLS protocol can only be initiated by the client. If the server wishes to upgrade, the client can be notified via a response message whose status code is `426 upgrade required`.

Tips:

	There is a lot of information mentioned that the Connect method establishes a tunnel called an SSL tunnel. I think this is not appropriate because it does not match the definition of the tunnel.

	The tunnel is used to carry an external protocol that is not supported by the system on a protocol. Because nesting one protocol within another protocol is like a pipe embedding another pipe, so it is called a tunnel. This means that it is entirely possible to carry IP protocol over IPV6 protocol,Or carry the NetBIOS protocol on TCP,etc.

	HTTP tunneling is implemented using the normal request methods POST, GET, PUT, and DELETE. A HTTP tunnel server runs outside the restricted network and performs a special HTTP server role. A HTTP tunnel client runs inside the restricted network. When any network traffic is passed to the tunnel client, it uses traffic as HTTP protocol,pack the carryload into body of request message,and the tunnel server will unpacks the package and executes the original network request. And when the response message to  is obtained, the HTTP response header is also added and passed to the tunnel client. All network traffic can be encapsulated into normal GET and POST requests and responses.Specific implementation can refer to [node-http-tunnel project](https://github.com/johncant/node-http-tunnel), or gnu's htc, hts project.

	But if you are using the CONNECT method, once the connection is successfully established, the delivered content such as encrypted traffic is on the raw socket. For a firewall that can recognize the HTTP packet format, it will know that this traffic must not be HTTP traffic, although it may be port 80. A true tunnel, even a firewall that recognizes the packet format, will assume that it is passing HTTP traffic because non-HTTP traffic is inherently wrapped in HTTP messages. Therefore, this method is not a way to make a tunnel,so calling the channel established by Connect method as a tunnel can lead to confusion.

So to understand the Connect method, you need to compare and distinguish the following:

1. Http can be upgraded to TLS via the `Connection:upgrade` head field. Used only in the case of a proxyless server.
2. When proxy server exists between the client and the server,Http can be upgraded to TLS via Connect method.After the Connect method get responsed successfully, the intermediate http proxy becomes a transparent proxy: instead of parsing the data packet and modifying the data packet using the HTTP protocol, it simply forwards the traffic.

This is clear.