## Status Code of 200 Series

The status code of the 200 series can indicate that the request has been successfully processed. However, the semantics of success can be different, and there are different semantic indications for the http client, such as whether to refresh the current page content.

First look at the list:

    200 OK
    201 Created
    202 Accepted
    206 Partial Content.
    204 No Content
    205 Reset Content

the status code of `200 OK`  is probably the most common state. It is also the most familiar to everyone. That is to say, the request is completed, and the next step of the browser is not specified, but is handed over to the application.

And the others status code includes `201 Created, 202 Accepted, 201, 202` would be more specific. The status code of 201 indicates that the request was successful and a resource was created. Therefore it is often used in conjunction with the PUT method because the semantics of the PUT method is to create a resource.

And the status code of 202 indicates that the request was successfully accepted, but the resource creation or modification has not been completed, but only accepted, and it means that possibly subsequent processing by the server.

The status code of `204 No Content` protocol indicates that the request was processed successfully, but as a server does not want to provide the message within the entity, or there is no message to provide. For example, using a DELETE request, if the service is successfully completed, you can return this type of response. Specifically, it tells the client that your DELETE request has been completed because the corresponding resource has been deleted, but since the resource has been deleted, there is no message to return.The status code of 204 also makes sense for user agents (browsers). When the user agent receives this type of response, it should not refresh the current document or navigate to another URL.This means that if there is a HTML form and then submitted, if the state returned by the server is 204, then the browser cannot refresh the window or go to other pages. Do not change the contents of all Form inputs. Of course, this kind of practice is very good practice in the user agent, because after the click, there is indeed interaction with the server, but the user is silent, it will make users confused.This is more valuable if you are in the application context of AJAX. AJAX initiates a request and returns a response which status code is 204, which prompts the user that the operation has succeeded. And as with the intent of the 204 status code, there is no need to modify any value of the current form. Such a scenario is valuable because the service does not need to return any specific data, it only needs to tell the client that the request has been successfully processed.


The status code of `205 Reset Content` also tells the client that the request has been successfully executed, and unlike 204, its intent is to tell the client that the content of the form should be cleared or the user interface should be refreshed. Specifically, I can fill out the Form, after submitting, if I receive a this type of response, I should reset the form and then initialize a new input.Then there is no browser that supports such an intention. The browser either puts 205 at 204 or both. Of course, this intent can be achieved for AJAX applications. The AJAX application receives 205 status code, and the user interface should reset the data and set the data to the default value.

In the case of RESTFUL web services, in the data entry scenario, the status code of 204 means that users make a series of edits to a record; the status code of 205 is more suitable for entering a series of records; RESTFUL web services more respect the design intention of HTTP.

The presence of the 206 status code is intended to support the range download of large files. When the client initiates a resource scope request, it returns the client success and is part of the returned content.

First HTTP client determines whether the partial download resource is supported by the HEAD method like this:

    HEAD /large.jpg HTTP/1.1
    Host: example.com
     
    HTTP/1.0 200 OK
    Accept-Ranges: bytes
    Content-Length: 3980

If it is possible, the server will response with header field `Accept-Ranges: bytes`,which indicates it is supported.

The client can then use header field of `Range` to get the specified resource range, and the server uses `206 Partial Content` to indicate that part of the content is successful,just likes this:

    GET  /large.jpg HTTP/1.1
    Host: example.com
    Range: bytes=0-999
     
    HTTP/1.0 206 Partial Content
    Accept-Ranges: bytes
    Content-Length: 1000
    Content-Range: bytes 0-999/3980
     
    {binary data}

    GET /large.jpg HTTP/1.1
    Host: e
    Range: bytes=1000-
     
    HTTP/1.0 206 Partial Content
    Date: Mon, 05 May 2008 00:37:54 GMT
    Server: Apache/2.0.52 (Red Hat)
    Accept-Ranges: bytes
    Content-Length: 2980
    Content-Range: bytes 1000-3979/3980
    Content-Type: image/jpeg
     
    {binary data}

