## 300 Series of Status Code

The 300 status code says that there are multiple versions of the URI you are currently navigating. You need to select one (or be automatically selected by the user agent) and redirect to this resource. For example, the same software download can have multiple platform versions, or multiple package compression formats. As another example, the same document can have different document formats. In these results, the client can make automatic selections according to their own situation (for example, Chinese users automatically select Chinese documents), or give a list and submit them to the end user for selection.

However, the protocol of a specific multiple choices is not given within the standard. Therefore, this status code is rarely implemented by standard web servers and user agents. 

However, the programmer can fully specify the format of the multi-resource construct in the basic meaning of the `300 status code`, make a agreement between the client and the server of the application, and then implement the specific purpose of the application. For example, customize the following format in the entity body:


    HTTP/1.1 300 Multiple Choices
    Date: Tue, 11 Jun 1996 20:02:21 GMT
    Content-Type: text/html
    Content-Length: 130

    <h2>Multiple Choices:</h2>
    <ul>
    <li><a href=paper.1>HTML</a>
    <li><a href=paper.2>Kindle</a>
    <li><a href=paper.3>Doc</a>
    </ul>


And `301 Moved Permanently` said that the resource corresponding to your URI has been moved to another location. This location is specified in the header field of `LOCATION`. If your bookmark uses this URI, it should be automatically updated to the new location by the user agent. The next time you visit, you also want to use the new URI.

Client request:

    GET /abc HTTP/1.1
    Host: www.example.org

Server respond:

    HTTP/1.1 301 Moved Permanently
    Location: http://www.example.org/def


The status code of `302 Found` says that the resource corresponding to the URI you are currently accessing is temporarily moved to a new location, which is specified in the header field of `LOCATION`. Unlike 301, 302 does not affect your bookmarks, and you don't have to access the new URI next time, because this change is temporary. In fact, this status code was introduced in HTTP/1.0 and was originally named 302 Moved Temporarily for use in conjunction with 301.

Client request:

    GET /abc HTTP/1.1
    Host: www.example.org

Server respond:

    HTTP/1.1  302 Found
    Location: http://www.example.org/def


However, for this status code, many user agents have done an implementation that is inconsistent with the standard. The standard originally intended to use POST method if original request method uses POST, uses GET method if original request method is GET method.But actually,no matter the original request is POST or GET method, the redirect is changed to GET method. 

To this end, the `303 See Other` and `307 Temporary Redirect` status codes are introduced in the HTTP/1.1 version. The `303 See Other` status code forces the conversion request method to be GET, and the `307 Temporary Redirect` status code remains the same as the request method that initiated the original request. This is a fix but it looks a bit confusing and comes from a historical version of the problem.

Status code of `304 Not Modified` is not related to redirection, but it is not neccesery to make a category for just one status code, so it is placed in the this category. Its intent is to say that when the user agent initiates a GET request and sets the pre-condition for modification, and the server finds that the requested resource has not been modified after the specified time, it will return this status code. This is of course a performance consideration. Case:

Client request

    GET /sample.html HTTP/1.1
    Host: example.com
    If-Modified-Since: Wed, 01 Sep 2004 13:24:52 GMT

Serer respond:

    HTTP/1.1 304 Not Modified
    Date: Tue, 27 Dec 2005 05:25:19 GMT








