## 400 Series Status Code

The 400 series of status code are used to indicate that the client request received by the server is unhandled. The most commonly used case is the resource requested by the client,but there is no such resource on the server yet. This error is the client error pointed to `404 not found`.

The 400 series is numerous. However, I will list just three of 412, 417, 403 to special explanation, because the first two code are relatively more coupled with other features of the protocol, so it is complicated and useful for a well-designed Restful app. The third status code is more common, but the standard definition is more abstract, I hope to make it clear in this book.

### 412 Precondition Failed 

The client initiates a conditional request, and at least one of the conditions fails, then the server prompts the client with this code.

The request header can be conditionally qualified with the following header fields:

    If-Match
    If-Modified-Since
    If-None-Match
    If-Range
    If-Unmodified-Since

These request header fields are called pre-conditions. Through them, the client can tell the server to complete the execution of the request only if the conditions are all met. For example, by requesting to update the state of a resource through the PUT method, you can use the `If-Unmodified-Since` pre-conditions, and only if you have not modified the resource since the date assigned in header field.the state change will be performed.If this condition is not met, then return status code of `412 Precondition Failed`

### 417 Expectation Failed

The client adds the header field of  `Expect` to the request header. If the expect are not supported by the server, the server will return a  status code of `417 Expectation Failed` to the client.

Example:

    GET /todo/1 HTTP/1.1
    Host: example.org
    Content-Type:json
    Expect: 100-continue

    HTTP/1.1 417 Expectation Failed

### 403 fobidden

The status code of `403 fobidden` means the server is prohibited from providing resources to respond to it, although the client's request is valid. In contrast to `401 Unauthorized`, resources can be obtained as long as the authorization is provided; `403 fobidden` is not possible even if the client gives the user authorization. 

In strict accordance with the standard, this status code can be used as long as it is prohibited from being authorized or not. So what is the reason forbidding? The standard is silent here. This brings up a problem, even though the server gives the status code, and the client actually feels that nothing is said at all, because seeing this status code, as a customer, in addition to leaving or retrying, is actually confused. I don't know what went wrong, I don't know how to solve it. Even if the programmer sees it, it is impossible to think about it. In order to hope that users are not too confused, someone gave a more detailed sub-error code - this is the practice of Microsoft's IIS server (partial):

    403.1 - Execute access forbidden 
    403.2 - Read access forbidden 
    403.3 - Write access forbidden 
    403.4 - SSL required. 
    403.5 - SSL 128 required. 
    403.6 - IP address rejected 
    403.7 - Client certificate required. 
    403.8 - Site access denied 
    403.9 - Too many users 


These state subcodes are familiar to programmers, and most of them can be understood at just one glance, so this status code can help to make a clearer understanding of `403 fobidden`'s intention. For the user, just seeing `403 fobidden` might be a better choice. So although they are not part of the standard, they are still worth learning and understanding.

More status codes of 400 series are relatively simple, and most of them are familiar with the error scene. For example, `411 Lengh Required` tells the client that your request must have a header field of `Content-Length`. `401 Unauthorize` tells the client that the currently accessed resource requires authentication. Maybe the username and password is required. You can refer to the http protocol text for more.


