## 500 Series Status Code

The mistakes in this series are more ambiguous to the user. If you see this mistake,What you can confirm is that this is not the fault of the client,it is just the fault of the server. The server encountered some conditions inside it that could not be completed. It may be a defect in part of the server's code, or an error occurred at the gateway. Any changes made on the client will not make this error not happen.

### 500 Internal Server Error

It is such a vague mistake. Semantically, the server encounters an error that prevents it from providing services. As a server developer, you should need to internally record specific error messages that can help resolve the problem when you issue this error.

### 503 Service Unavailable

Note that the server is currently unable to provide services, but will be available in the future. If the server knows when the resource is available, you should include the Retry-After header in the response, prompting the client to retry the service. In contrast to `500 Internal Server Error`, this shows that the server did not find any internal errors.

But the status code is a bit strange,since the service is no longer available, who gave this message?

The status code is given by the Web Server, indicating that the module serving the current web page is closed.

Take IIS as an example. IIS may have many application pool, and each web page has an application pool to provide services. If the application pool is closed, then we will encounter this error. The reason may be 

1. Your app has crashed 
2. Or your app often crashes(if your app crashes greater than 5 times in 5 minutes), so IIS decides to close your app pool.




