## 101 Type Response

The HTTP protocol provides a mechanism to allow the HTTP protocol to be switched to a new, incompatible protocol on an established connection.

As the client switchs this protocol,the server can reject and then close the connection, or send a  status code of `101` to the client to accept. If it was accepted, the next protocol content can be passed on this connection.

The advantage of this is that you can upgrade or adjust to a new protocol without having to re-establish the connection. For example, the link that was originally HTTP/1.1 can be changed to h2c,websocket or TLS after `101 switch protocols`. After the handshake is completed, the protocol passed by the same link changes.

### Case: How does websocket use `101 switch protocols`?

The client initiates a request to the server through the protocol header of the GET method of the HTTP protocol:

    GET ws://echo.websocket.org/?encoding=text HTTP/1.1
    Origin: http://websocket.org
    Cookie: __utma=99as
    Connection: Upgrade
    Host: echo.websocket.org
    Sec-WebSocket-Key: uRovscZjNol/umbTt5uKmw==
    Upgrade: websocket
    Sec-WebSocket-Version: 13

Special attention is paid to these two lines:

    Host: echo.websocket.org
    Upgrade: websocket

The client wants to upgrade (still "switching" is more appropriate) to the websocket. If the server understands this websocket, it will return a response：

    HTTP/1.1 101 WebSocket Protocol Handshake
    Date: Fri, 10 Feb 2012 17:38:18 GMT
    Connection: Upgrade
    Server: Kaazing Gateway
    Upgrade: WebSocket
    Access-Control-Allow-Origin: http://websocket.org
    Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
    Sec-WebSocket-Accept: rLHCkw/SKsO9GAH/ZSFhBATDKrU=
    Access-Control-Allow-Headers: content-type

In response to the first line, only if the status code is `101`, which means that the protocol switch is approved. Then the connection can be passed to the websocket protocol.

The specific content of the websocket protocol is not discussed here.

### Case: ADDONE Protocol

In the Node.js HTTP server implementation, if status code of 101 is completed, the HTTP server will no longer listen for data events, and the upgraded protocol should listen for this event and respond based on the data content.

Specifically, Node.js will have an upgrade event.

    function (request, socket, head) { }

It fires after receiving a client upgrade request. If no application code is listening for this event, node will close the connection.

After the event is launched, the http server will un-listen the data event that was originally listening. This means that the implementer of the new protocol needs to listen to this event on its own and more agree to check the data and respond appropriately.

So, to demonstrate the effect, we can implement a new protocol ourselves, called the ADDONE protocol. This protocol expects the client to send an integer and then add 1 on it,then return it to the client. If this protocol is sent within the normal HTTP connection, it will be recognized as invalid message. However, after the protocol is switched, the data from the same connection will not be parsed by the HTTP server code, so it will not be recognized as illegal by the HTTP server.

[Code here](https://github.com/1000copy/learningnode/tree/master/httpstatuscode)

Switching to a protocol like ADDONE is certainly not practical, but it can demonstrate the HTTP upgrade process.The others protocols like TLS, H2C, WEBSOCKET,Despite it's internal complexity, the upgrade method is consistent. In fact, the ADDONE protocol is abstracted from a piece of code in websocket (https://github.com/websockets/ws).

